General Admissions Criteria
 
Certificate Courses:
Admission will be based on any of the following minimum qualifications:
KCSE mean grade of C- or equivalent.
An O’ level mean grade of Division III or equivalent.
An A’ Level qualification with a minimum of two subsidiary passes or equivalent.

Diploma Courses:
Admission will be based on any of the following minimum qualifications:
KCSE mean grade C.
KCSE mean grade C- or equivalent plus a Certificate
An O’ level qualification with a minimum division III or equivalent
An A’ level qualification with a minimum of two subsidiary passes or equivalent
Please Note:
Certificates must be from an Institution recognized by the University Senate.
The certificates should have been undertaken for a period of at least one Semester.
 
Bachelor’s Degree Programmes:
Admission will be based on any one of the following minimum qualifications:
KCSE mean grade C+ or equivalent
KCSE mean grade C- or equivalent plus a Certificate and Diploma
Level Division II or equivalent plus a Diploma
Level Division III or equivalent plus a Certificate and Diploma
Level Division III or equivalent plus a three-year Diploma from a recognized post-secondary Institution for admissions to Bachelor of Education
Diploma from this University or other recognized institutions and an aggregate of C in KCSE or equivalent
A-Level with two principal passes or equivalent in relevant subjects Only Applicants whose results are available at the time of application will be considered
CPAII/CPSII/CIPS or equivalent for Commerce and Arts and should have attained an aggregate of C in KCSE or O level Division III
P1 from a two-year post-secondary training institution for entry into Bachelor of Education with Minimum KCSE Mean Grade C or O Level Division III
Higher National Diploma in relevant fields and should have attained an aggregate of C in KCSE
Degree from a recognized University
Equivalent qualifications to the above from institutions recognized by the Senate
 
Foundation Courses:
The University offers foundation courses in Sciences and Arts.
Applicants who have C- would be admitted to the Foundation Course as a prerequisite for university admission.
 
Proficiency in English
Applicants from non-English speaking countries will be required to produce a certificate of proficiency in English such as Test of English as a Foreign Language (TOEFL).

Distance Education
The University has embarked on ‘Distance Learning’ mode of delivery intended to favour those students who may not be available to take courses either on full time or part time (evenings and weekends) basis.
Currently, the following courses are being offered by distance learning mode:- Bachelor of Education (Arts), Bachelor of Education (Science), Bachelor of Commerce, Bachelor of Arts and Bachelor of Science. Other programmes are due to follow soon.

There are three intakes in an academic year.
Main intake being in September/October for all the courses.
December/January for the following courses:- Bachelor of Education(Arts), Bachelor of Arts, Bachelor of Commerce, Bachelor of Hospitality Management, Bachelor of Travel and Tourism
April/May for:- Bachelor of Arts, Bachelor of Education(Arts),Bachelor of Education Early Childhood, Bachelor of Commerce, Bachelor of Economics ,Bachelor of Economics and Statistics ,Bachelor of Journalism and media Studies, Bachelor of Art Broadcast Production, Bachelor of Hospitality Management, Bachelor of Travel and Tourism, Bachelor of Arts Broadcast Production and all Diploma and Certificate courses.